---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pinot_tables Data Source - terraform-provider-pinot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# pinot_tables (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `tables` (Attributes List) The list of tables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables))

<a id="nestedatt--tables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables`

Read-Only:

- `field_config_list` (Attributes List) The list of field configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--field_config_list))
- `ingestion_config` (Attributes List) The ingestion configuration of the table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--ingestion_config))
- `is_dim_table` (Boolean) The is dim table.
- `metadata` (Attributes List) The metadata of the table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--metadata))
- `segments_config` (Attributes List) The segments configuration of the table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--segments_config))
- `table_index_config` (Attributes List) The index configuration of the table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--table_index_config))
- `table_name` (String) The name of the table.
- `table_type` (String) The type of the table.
- `tenants` (Attributes List) The tenants of the table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--tenants))
- `tier_configs` (Attributes List) The list of tier configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--tier_configs))

<a id="nestedatt--tables--field_config_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.field_config_list`

Read-Only:

- `encoding_type` (String) The encoding type of the field.
- `index_type` (String) The index type of the field.
- `index_types` (List of String) The list of index types.
- `indexes` (Attributes List) The indexes of the field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes))
- `name` (String) The name of the field.
- `timestamp_config` (Attributes List) The timestamp configuration of the field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--timestamp_config))

<a id="nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.field_config_list.indexes`

Read-Only:

- `bloom` (Attributes List) The bloom index of the field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--bloom))
- `dictionary` (Attributes List) The dictionary index of the field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--dictionary))
- `forward` (Attributes List) The forward index of the field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--forward))
- `fst` (Attributes List) The FST index of the field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--fst))
- `h3` (Attributes List) The H3 index of the field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--h3))
- `inverted` (Attributes List) The inverted index of the field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--inverted))
- `json` (Attributes List) The JSON index of the field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--json))
- `range` (Attributes List) The range index of the field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--range))
- `text` (Attributes List) The text index of the field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--text))
- `timestamp` (Attributes List) The timestamp index of the field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--timestamp))
- `vector` (Attributes List) The vector index of the field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--vector))

<a id="nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--bloom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.field_config_list.indexes.bloom`

Read-Only:

- `fpp` (String) The false positive probability of the bloom index.
- `load_on_heap` (String) Whether to load bloom index on heap.
- `max_size_in_bytes` (String) The maximum size in bytes of the bloom index.


<a id="nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--dictionary"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.field_config_list.indexes.dictionary`

Read-Only:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether the dictionary index is disabled.


<a id="nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--forward"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.field_config_list.indexes.forward`

Read-Only:

- `compression_codec` (String) The compression codec of the forward index.
- `derive_num_docs_per_chunk` (String) The number of docs per chunk for the forward index.
- `raw_index_writer_version` (String) The raw index writer version of the forward index.


<a id="nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--fst"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.field_config_list.indexes.fst`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the FST index is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--h3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.field_config_list.indexes.h3`

Read-Only:

- `resolutions` (List of Number) The resolutions of the H3 index.


<a id="nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--inverted"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.field_config_list.indexes.inverted`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (String) The enabled of the inverted index.


<a id="nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--json"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.field_config_list.indexes.json`

Read-Only:

- `disable_cross_array_unnest` (Boolean) Whether to disable cross array unnest in the JSON index.
- `exclude_array` (Boolean) Whether to exclude arrays in the JSON index.
- `exclude_fields` (String) The exclude fields of the JSON index.
- `exclude_paths` (String) The exclude paths of the JSON index.
- `include_paths` (String) The include paths of the JSON index.
- `index_paths` (String) The index paths of the JSON index.
- `max_levels` (String) The maximum levels of the JSON index.


<a id="nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.field_config_list.indexes.range`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the range index is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--text"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.field_config_list.indexes.text`

Read-Only:

- `stop_word_exclude` (List of String) The stop words to exclude from the text index.
- `stop_word_include` (List of String) The stop words to include in the text index.


<a id="nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--timestamp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.field_config_list.indexes.timestamp`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the timestamp index is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--indexes--vector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.field_config_list.indexes.vector`

Read-Only:

- `vector_dimension` (String) The vector dimension.
- `vector_distance_function` (String) The vector distance function.
- `vector_index_type` (String) The vector index type.
- `version` (String) The version of the vector index.



<a id="nestedatt--tables--field_config_list--timestamp_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.field_config_list.timestamp_config`

Read-Only:

- `granularities` (List of String) The list of granularities.



<a id="nestedatt--tables--ingestion_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.ingestion_config`

Read-Only:

- `continue_on_error` (Boolean) The continue on error.
- `row_time_value_check` (Boolean) The row time value check.
- `segment_time_value_check_type` (String) The segment time value check type.
- `transform_configs` (Attributes List) The list of transform configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--ingestion_config--transform_configs))

<a id="nestedatt--tables--ingestion_config--transform_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.ingestion_config.transform_configs`

Read-Only:

- `column_name` (String) The name of the column.
- `transform_function` (String) The transform function.



<a id="nestedatt--tables--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `custom_configs` (Map of String) The custom configs of the table.


<a id="nestedatt--tables--segments_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.segments_config`

Read-Only:

- `minimize_data_movement` (Boolean) The minimize data movement of the table.
- `replication` (String) The replication of the table.
- `schema_name` (String) The name of the used schema for table
- `segment_assignment_strategy` (String) The segment assignment strategy of the table.
- `segment_push_type` (String) The segment push type of the table.
- `time_column_name` (String) The time column name of the table.
- `time_type` (String) The time type of the table.


<a id="nestedatt--tables--table_index_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.table_index_config`

Read-Only:

- `aggregate_metrics` (Boolean) The aggregate metrics of the table.
- `auto_generated_inverted_index` (Boolean) The auto generated inverted index of the table.
- `create_inverted_index_during_segment_generation` (Boolean) The create inverted index during segment generation of the table.
- `enable_default_star_tree` (Boolean) The enable default star tree of the table.
- `enable_dynamic_star_tree_creation` (Boolean) The enable dynamic star tree creation of the table.
- `load_mode` (String) The load mode of the table.
- `no_dictionary_size_ratio_threshold` (Number) The no dictionary size ratio threshold.
- `null_handling_enabled` (Boolean) The null handling enabled of the table.
- `optimize_dictionary` (Boolean) The optimize dictionary of the table.
- `optimize_dictionary_for_metrics` (Boolean) The optimize dictionary for metrics of the table.
- `range_index_version` (Number) The range index version.
- `star_tree_index_configs` (Attributes List) The list of star tree index configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--table_index_config--star_tree_index_configs))
- `stream_configs` (Map of String) The stream configs of the table.
- `tier_overwrites` (Attributes List) The tier overwrites of the table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--table_index_config--tier_overwrites))

<a id="nestedatt--tables--table_index_config--star_tree_index_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.table_index_config.star_tree_index_configs`

Read-Only:

- `dimensions_split_order` (List of String) The list of dimensions split order.
- `function_column_pairs` (List of String) The list of function column pairs.
- `max_leaf_records` (Number) The max leaf records.
- `skip_star_node_creation_for_dimensions` (List of String) The list of skip star node creation for dimensions.


<a id="nestedatt--tables--table_index_config--tier_overwrites"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.table_index_config.tier_overwrites`

Read-Only:

- `cold_tier` (Attributes List) The cold tier of the table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--table_index_config--tier_overwrites--cold_tier))
- `hot_tier` (Attributes List) The hot tier of the table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--table_index_config--tier_overwrites--hot_tier))

<a id="nestedatt--tables--table_index_config--tier_overwrites--cold_tier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.table_index_config.tier_overwrites.cold_tier`

Read-Only:

- `star_tree_index_configs` (Attributes List) The list of star tree index configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--table_index_config--tier_overwrites--hot_tier--star_tree_index_configs))

<a id="nestedatt--tables--table_index_config--tier_overwrites--hot_tier--star_tree_index_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.table_index_config.tier_overwrites.hot_tier.star_tree_index_configs`

Read-Only:

- `dimensions_split_order` (List of String) The list of dimensions split order.
- `function_column_pairs` (List of String) The list of function column pairs.
- `max_leaf_records` (Number) The max leaf records.
- `skip_star_node_creation_for_dimensions` (List of String) The list of skip star node creation for dimensions.



<a id="nestedatt--tables--table_index_config--tier_overwrites--hot_tier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.table_index_config.tier_overwrites.hot_tier`

Read-Only:

- `star_tree_index_configs` (Attributes List) The list of star tree index configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables--table_index_config--tier_overwrites--hot_tier--star_tree_index_configs))

<a id="nestedatt--tables--table_index_config--tier_overwrites--hot_tier--star_tree_index_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.table_index_config.tier_overwrites.hot_tier.star_tree_index_configs`

Read-Only:

- `dimensions_split_order` (List of String) The list of dimensions split order.
- `function_column_pairs` (List of String) The list of function column pairs.
- `max_leaf_records` (Number) The max leaf records.
- `skip_star_node_creation_for_dimensions` (List of String) The list of skip star node creation for dimensions.





<a id="nestedatt--tables--tenants"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.tenants`

Read-Only:

- `broker` (String) The broker of the table.
- `server` (String) The server of the table.


<a id="nestedatt--tables--tier_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables.tier_configs`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the tier.
- `segment_age` (String) The segment age.
- `segment_selector_type` (String) The segment selector type.
- `server_tag` (String) The server tag.
- `storage_type` (String) The storage type.
