---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pinot_table Resource - terraform-provider-pinot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# pinot_table (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `table` (String, Sensitive) The table definition.
- `table_name` (String) The name of the table.
- `table_type` (String) The table type.

### Optional

- `field_config_list` (Attributes List) field configurations for the table (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config_list))
- `ingestion_config` (Attributes) ingestion configuration for the table i.e kafka (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ingestion_config))
- `is_dim_table` (Boolean) is dimension table
- `metadata` (Attributes) metadata for the table (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `routing` (Attributes) routing configuration for the table (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routing))
- `segments_config` (Attributes) The segments configuration for the table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--segments_config))
- `table_index_config` (Attributes) The table index configuration for the table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--table_index_config))
- `tenants` (Attributes) The tenants configuration for the table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tenants))
- `tier_configs` (Attributes List) tier configurations for the table (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tier_configs))
- `upsert_config` (Attributes) The upsert configuration for the table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upsert_config))

<a id="nestedatt--field_config_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config_list`

Required:

- `encoding_type` (String) encoding type
- `index_type` (String) index type
- `name` (String) name of the field

Optional:

- `index_types` (List of String) index types
- `indexes` (Attributes) indexes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config_list--indexes))
- `timestamp_config` (Attributes) timestamp configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config_list--timestamp_config))

<a id="nestedatt--field_config_list--indexes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config_list.indexes`

Optional:

- `inverted` (Attributes) inverted (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config_list--indexes--inverted))

<a id="nestedatt--field_config_list--indexes--inverted"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config_list.indexes.inverted`

Required:

- `enabled` (String) enabled



<a id="nestedatt--field_config_list--timestamp_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config_list.timestamp_config`

Optional:

- `granularities` (List of String) granularities



<a id="nestedatt--ingestion_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ingestion_config`

Optional:

- `continue_on_error` (Boolean) continue after error ingesting.
- `filter_config` (Attributes) filter configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ingestion_config--filter_config))
- `row_time_value_check` (Boolean) row time value check.
- `segment_time_value_check` (Boolean) segment time value check.
- `stream_ingestion_config` (Attributes) stream ingestion configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ingestion_config--stream_ingestion_config))
- `transform_configs` (Attributes List) transform configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ingestion_config--transform_configs))

<a id="nestedatt--ingestion_config--filter_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ingestion_config.filter_config`

Optional:

- `filter_function` (String) filter function


<a id="nestedatt--ingestion_config--stream_ingestion_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ingestion_config.stream_ingestion_config`

Optional:

- `stream_config_maps` (List of Map of String) stream configuration


<a id="nestedatt--ingestion_config--transform_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ingestion_config.transform_configs`

Required:

- `column_name` (String) column name
- `transform_function` (String) transform function



<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `custom_configs` (Map of String) custom configs


<a id="nestedatt--routing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing`

Optional:

- `instance_selector_type` (String) instance selector type
- `segment_pruner_types` (List of String) segment pruner types


<a id="nestedatt--segments_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `segments_config`

Required:

- `replication` (String) The replication count for the segments.
- `time_column_name` (String) The time column name for the segments.
- `time_type` (String) The time type for the segments.

Optional:

- `deleted_segments_retention_period` (String) The deleted segments retention period for the segments.
- `replicas_per_partition` (String) The replicas per partition for the segments.
- `retention_time_unit` (String) The retention time unit for the segments.
- `retention_time_value` (String) The retention time value for the segments.


<a id="nestedatt--table_index_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `table_index_config`

Optional:

- `aggregate_metrics` (Boolean) The aggregate metrics for the table.
- `bloom_filter_columns` (List of String) The bloom filter columns for the table.
- `column_min_max_value_generator_mode` (String) The column min max value generator mode for the table.
- `create_inverted_index_during_segment_generation` (Boolean) The create inverted index during segment generation for the table.
- `enable_default_star_tree` (Boolean) The enable default star tree for the table.
- `enable_dynamic_star_tree` (Boolean) The enable dynamic star tree for the table.
- `load_mode` (String) The load mode for the table.
- `no_dictionary_columns` (List of String) The no dictionary columns for the table.
- `no_dictionary_size_ratio_threshold` (Number) The no dictionary size ration threshold for the table.
- `null_handling_enabled` (Boolean) The null handling enabled for the table.
- `on_heap_dictionary_columns` (List of String) The on heap dictionary columns for the table.
- `optimize_dictionary` (Boolean) The optimize dictionary for the table.
- `optimize_dictionary_for_metrics` (Boolean) The optimize dictionary for metrics for the table.
- `range_index_columns` (List of String) The range index columns for the table.
- `range_index_version` (Number) The range index version for the table.
- `segment_name_generator_type` (String) The segment name generator type for the table.
- `segment_partition_config` (Attributes) The segment partition configuration for the table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--table_index_config--segment_partition_config))
- `sorted_column` (List of String) The sorted column for the table.
- `star_tree_index_configs` (Attributes List) The star tree index configurations for the table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--table_index_config--star_tree_index_configs))
- `var_length_dictionary_columns` (List of String) The var length dictionary columns for the table.

<a id="nestedatt--table_index_config--segment_partition_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `table_index_config.segment_partition_config`

Optional:

- `column_partition_map` (Map of Map of String) The column partition map for the segment partition config.


<a id="nestedatt--table_index_config--star_tree_index_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `table_index_config.star_tree_index_configs`

Required:

- `max_leaf_records` (Number) The max leaf records for the star tree index.

Optional:

- `aggregation_configs` (Attributes List) The aggregation configurations for the star tree index. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--table_index_config--star_tree_index_configs--aggregation_configs))
- `dimensions_split_order` (List of String) The dimensions split order for the star tree index.
- `function_column_pairs` (List of String) The function column pairs for the star tree index.
- `skip_star_node_creation_for_dim_names` (List of String) The skip star node creation for dim names for the star tree index.

<a id="nestedatt--table_index_config--star_tree_index_configs--aggregation_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `table_index_config.star_tree_index_configs.aggregation_configs`

Required:

- `aggregate_function` (String) The aggregate function for the star tree index.
- `column_name` (String) The column name for the star tree index.
- `compression_codec` (String) The compression codec for the star tree index.




<a id="nestedatt--tenants"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tenants`

Optional:

- `broker` (String) The broker for the tenants.
- `server` (String) The server for the tenants.
- `tag_override_config` (Map of String) The tag override config for the tenants.


<a id="nestedatt--tier_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tier_configs`

Required:

- `name` (String) name of the tier
- `segment_age` (String) segment age
- `segment_selector_type` (String) segment selector type
- `server_tag` (String) server tag
- `storage_type` (String) storage type


<a id="nestedatt--upsert_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upsert_config`

Optional:

- `delete_record_column` (String) The deleted record column for the table.
- `deleted_keys_ttl` (Number) The deleted keys ttl for the table.
- `drop_out_of_order_record` (Boolean) The drop out of order record for the table.
- `enable_preload` (Boolean) The enable preload for the table.
- `enable_snapshot` (Boolean) The enable snapshot for the table.
- `hash_function` (String) The hash function for the table.
- `metadata_manager_class` (String) The metadata manager class name for the table.
- `metadata_manager_configs` (Map of String) The metadata manager configs for the table.
- `mode` (String) The upsert mode for the table.
- `out_of_order_record_column` (String) The out of order record column for the table.
- `partial_upsert_strategies` (Map of String) The partial upsert strategies for the table.
- `upsert_ttl` (String) The metadata ttl for the table.
